and what an honor it is to be joined
this morning by mr. president mr.
president it's a pleasure to have you
here especially on the morning of the
celebration of the Pennsylvania primary
when by your wife well thank you very
much dead I appreciate that now would
you spell love you so cheers mate yeah
what do you laughter that nothing you
sell web w eb or w/e be because man I've
been to some of your web it is webcast
Wednesday you not only get to hear the
president but you can see him by going
to our website right now at 970 WFLA Tom
common click on the TV screens and you
will see the president there and all his
glory and you had a tough time here on
understand the latest you got in trouble
here is this well racist comment that
you you meant it you know once again
that Jack that is obviously it's a it's
all part of that vast just right of
extreme left conspiracy I've been after
me ever since I got only one really a
race is coming he was just talking about
that if Barack was you know elected that
he would you know how we had who's in
the White House bush bush it would be
like I'm in the white no listen I don't
think I should take any crap from
anybody on that do you suppose the other
guys your reaction of are you dr. proud
of Hillary 00 last night no I'm so proud
of Hillary you know I really want her to
be President metab because if that
doesn't keep her off my back I don't
mind taking a back seat driving I've
enjoyed taking back seats ever since I
was in high school she definitely wears
the pants in our family these days just
as well because quite frankly most the
time I can't locate
how's your health doing everybody's
concerned about your heart every section
thanks for asking Ted you know I had
that heart attack and you know when it
first happened and I felt this great
weight on my chest a heavy heavy weight
on my chest and then it was really
really hard to breathe and I got cold I
mean icy cold like I was freezing so
finally I told Hill her to get off of me
all right I'm doing pretty good right
now I did have a small complication
however the doctor told me that I had to
have some fluid removed from my chest
and I said hey Doc now that's a switch
well well Lois switch gears here how's
your library doing down in Little Rock
real good it's open for business we've
got a it's built out over the river
there we've got a water slide it comes
off written there we thought about water
slide and it goes on and on and on at
the end you're soaked but you are not
indicted got a fireman's pole right down
the middle I got a heavy petting zoo for
the children they like that that tears
orders loss justice with it librarians
you know we got flame star yeah you've
been heard the Dewey Decimal System yes
now we use the very Dewey Decimal System